Fix Common Name in Ingress TLS docs to match the name used in example. (#24285)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress.md

Referencing this secret in an Ingress tells the Ingress controller to
secure the channel from the client to the load balancer using TLS. You need to make
sure the TLS secret you created came from a certificate that contains a Common

> Name (CN), also known as a Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) for `https-example.foo.com`.

Reviewer: I suspect that the original author meant to write:
```suggestion
Name (CN), also known as a Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN). For example:
`ssl.example.com`.
```

However, you don't actually need to use a common name in an X.509 certificate; you can specify a [subject alternative name](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4985) set and not specify a `cn` at all.

Overall, @psykulsk, I'm not sure that the fixed you've proposed is the right one here I'm afraid. There are other changes to this paragraph that might be worth making though.

Author: Hey @sftim, thanks for taking a look at it. I understand your point about CN and SAN, but I proposed this change for a different reason. Right now, if the reader was to follow the exact example steps, then it would not work.

1. Reader prepares a certificate with the domain `sslexample.com` in CN or SAN, or CN and SAN.
2. He creates a secret with the cert and key.
3. He applies the given example Ingress yaml https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/master/content/en/examples/service/networking/tls-example-ingress.yaml

If he follows these steps and then tries to send an https request to `https-example.foo.com` the certificate verification would fail because he has a certificate for `sslexample.com`.

I know it is obvious to have a certificate for a domain you are actually going to use, but I just believe that it would be clearer for the reader if the example domain in text would match the example domain in yaml :)

Author: Before 1.19 the domains used were equal, but in a commit that updated docs to 1.19 the domain in the example was changed, but the text was not. Have a look at this line https://github.com/kubernetes/website/commit/51f6e23f3521f82eaf01e3e3f2b933a6e0b0fc1d#diff-1627c406f91b4f139248c522b1b7cd18L404
